# Code of Conduct

UNIHACK Melbourne follows the [Hack Code of Conduct](http://hackcodeofconduct.org/).

All attendees, sponsors, partners, volunteers and staff at our hackathon are
required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will enforce
this code throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation from all
participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody.

## The Quick Version

Our hackathon is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity,
nationality, religion, previous hackathon attendance or computing experience (or
lack of any of the aforementioned). We do not tolerate harassment of hackathon
participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate at
any hackathon venue, including hacks, talks, workshops, parties, social media
and other online media. Hackathon participants violating these rules may be
sanctioned or expelled from the hackathon without a refund (if applicable) at
the discretion of the hackathon organisers.

## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity
 and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body
 size, race, ethnicity, nationality, or religion, sexual images in public spaces,
 deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, photography or audio/video
 recording against reasonable consent, sustained disruption of talks or other
 events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Photography is encouraged, but other participants must be given a reasonable
chance to opt out from being photographed. If they object to the taking of their
photograph, comply with their request. It is inappropriate to take photographs
in contexts where people have a reasonable expectation of privacy (in bathrooms
or where participants are sleeping).

Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply
immediately.

As this is a hackathon, we like to explicitly note that the hacks created at our
hackathon are equally subject to the anti-harassment policy.

Sponsors and partners are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In
particular, sponsors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other
material. Sponsor representatives (including volunteers) should not use
sexualised clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualised
environment.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact a member of hackathon staff immediately.

Hackathon staff will be happy to help participants contact any local security or
local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing
harassment to feel safe for the duration of the hackathon. We value your
attendance.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the hackathon organisers may
take any action they deem appropriate. This includes warning the offender,
expulsion from the hackathon with no refund (if applicable), or reporting their
behaviour to local law enforcement.

We expect participants to follow these rules at hackathon and workshop venues
and hackathon-related social events.

## Need Help?

If you witness or experience any transgressions of this Code of Conduct at
UNIHACK, see a volunteer or one of the organisers at the venue. Alternatively,
you are free to [email us](mailto:team@unihack.net), call us, or private message
us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/unihackmelb) or
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/unihackmelb).

All reporters have the right to remain anonymous.
