## How is UNIHACK Judged?

In order to decide the winner of the hackathon, UNIHACK has asked seven
well-respected members of the industry to judge all entries.

Unlike most hackathons in Australia, UNIHACK adopts a 'science fair' format
instead of a pitch presentation at Presentation Day (on Sunday). This allows
all judges to have a hands-on demonstration of a team's prototype. It also
gives a judge more time to ask questions.

The panel will be broken into groups of two or three, and will be clearly
identified by their Judge badge. Please be aware that there are also other
judges for other minor prizes roaming around. They will not have a Judge badge
but will identify themselves as a judge for a certain prize.

## Time With the Judges
In order to ensure that all teams are seen by the judging panel members, we
will be enforcing a time limit each team has with a group of judges. Team will
have only three minutes with each group of judges, and they will have a
timekeeper to ensure they keep within that limit.

The judges will have access to summary cards that will be created using the
information you provided with your DevPost submission. This means that you can
focus less on the technical details of your project, and more on demonstrating
your project in action.

If you failed to submit the required information with your project, you should
expect the judges to ask additional questions which may take up more of your
pitch time.

It is suggested that you keep your pitch between one and two minutes.
This will give the judges one or two minutes of questions.

If you need any assistance with how to use DevPost, feel free to read our
[Submissions](submission.md) guide.

## Judging Criteria

The UNIHACK Judging Panel will determine all entries based on the following criteria:

1.	**Originality**

    Is the hack more than just another generic social/mobile/local app?
    Does it do something entirely novel, or at least take a fresh approach to an
    old problem?

2.	**Technical Difficulty**

    Is the hack technically interesting or difficult? Is it just some lipstick
    on an API, or were there any technical challenges to surmount when building
    it?

3.	**Polish and Design**

    Is the hack usable in its current state? Is the user experience smooth? Does
    it work as the creators say? Is it well designed? Our judges will see and/or
    want to use your prototype - so make sure it works!

4.	**Usefulness**
    Is the hack practical? Is it something people would actually use? Does it
    fulfil a real need that people have? While you are not required to prepare a
    business plan, your app should have an audience identified.

Please note that the above judging criteria only applies for the Major Prize.
Teams will be judged on solely on the *Polish and Design* criterion for the Best
Design prize; and on the *Originality* criterion for the Most Creative Idea
prize.

Other prizes will have their own judging criteria, eligibility requirements and
judges.
